Previously on Grimm...
Prostitutes,
left-handed killer,
organs being surgically removed.
This is starting to
sound a little familiar.
You're thinking Jack the Ripper?
Oh, my God.
What happened to the trailer?
Juliette.
She torched it.
Juliette knows
just about everything
about Mr. Burkhardt,
about his mother,
and therefore, about where
the child might be.
Wouldn't it be wonderful
if Nick was in mortal danger
and needed mummy's help?
There is a way to
suppress the Hexenbiest in her.
Wouldn't that
mean you'd have to try it
on a Hexenbiest to
make sure it works?
No,
Juliette, it's all we've got!
When are you all gonna learn
that I like who I am?
Well, we don't.
Well, that's just too damn bad.
Nick.
Oh, my God.
I can't stop it!
"Stronger than lover's love
is lover's hate.
Incurable, in each,
the wounds they make."
What are you doing?
I can't stop it!
Go, go!
Nick!
I can't stop it!
Let go of the gun!
That was close.
So, if you really did test your
little concoction on Miss Adalind,
and she is useless,
then I suppose you did
me a great big favor.
Thanks for doing
the heavy lifting.
Oh, my God!
Whoever that was,
lam done trying to help it.
Me, too.
She could've killed Monroe!
I'm out, too.
That bitch!
Juliette's out of control.
We need to warn the Captain.
Hello.
Who is this?
Well, you called me.
I'm looking for Sean Renard.
You don't have him,
but this is his phone.
Where is he?
We're home.
But I'm afraid he can't come
to the phone right now.
He's resting.
We had a bit of a rough night.
This last one was a real fighter.
We're quite fatigued.
So, if it's not a bother, call
back at a more convenient time.
Cheers.
Who the hell was that?
I think we just heard
from Jack the Ripper.
Wait a minute, he's with Renard?
Yeah.
I'll have Wu meet us.
When did you get here?
Just now.
You see anything?
Nothing.
Where do you want me?
Take the back.
Hey! What...
Stay there!
What the hell is...
Shh.
What the hell?
I don't know.
You called the Captain's cell.
The guy said he was here.
You heard him.
Where's your cell phone?
Why?
I called your cell, somebody
answered, it wasn't you.
What are you talking about?
Where's your cell phone?
It's not here.
I don't know,
maybe in the living room.
Somebody want to tell me what's going on?
Check the calls.
Last call was received
at 10:08. Your number.
Well, I didn't talk to you, Nick.
I must've missed the call.
Where were you 15 minutes ago?
I was sleeping.
You leave that door open?
No.
It was open, sir.
I talked to somebody
on your phone that said
you were at home
and you were resting.
Are you saying
the killer was in my house?
That's what he said, and he
was talking on your phone.
Where were you tonight
before you came home?
I was at Henrietta's. What does
that have to do with anything?
You might wanna
get dressed, Captain.
Henrietta?
Henrietta!
God, no. God, no. God! No, no!
We got a body.
1118 Old Stable Drive,
off Williams Road.
Copy that.
1118 Old Stable Drive.
He said, "We."
Who?
The guy you
talked to on the phone.
He said, "We had a rough night.
She was a real fighter."
Yeah, he did.
Doesn't "we"
imply more than one?
Let's figure this out. We need
to figure out who "we" is.
This guy is targeting me,
I don't know why.
He must have seen
the press conference,
but he was probably
waiting outside my house,
followed me here, killed her,
then came back after me.
It's a good thing you called, when you
did, you probably scared him off.
Let's get you home. Let us
handle the investigation.
You're dealing
with enough right now.
Yeah, okay.
You just have to find this killer, all
right. Whatever you need, get it.
We're taking the Captain home.
We want surveillance
on his house all night.
Yeah, I'll put someone on it.
Position one, secure.
Position two, secure.
Position three, secure.
Home sweet home.
He took down all
our photographs.
Painful memories.
How many ways in and out?
Front door,
side door, back door.
Back door's in the kitchen.
This must be the computer you
used to email his mother.
Yes.
Weston Steward had his head cut
off here, Sean was shot here,
such a happy home.
Good place to raise a family.
Anything else I
should be aware of?
Ah!
Not really.
And what's upstairs?
Two bedrooms, two baths.
Let's have a look.
And this was our bedroom.
And this would be where Nick
and Adalind made their baby.
It would.
Anything else?
Yes.
If I'm gonna be working
with the Royal Family,
you need to have
a very clear understanding
of just how valuable I can be.
It's secure.
Why were you at Henrietta's?
I've been having
some problems lately.
What kind of problems?
I keep dreaming that
I'm getting shot again.
It's been
happening over and over.
The scars on my chest,
they start to bleed,
almost as though I
did just get shot.
Have you seen a doctor?
Yeah, they can't find
anything wrong with me.
I've been waking up in places and
I don't know how I got there.
So you're blacking out.
I don't know, that's why
I went to see Henrietta.
I was hoping she could tell me
what was wrong.
What did she tell you?
Nothing.
It was a waste. So I left.
Look, I don't know,
maybe this killer
is trying to make me
think I'm going crazy,
or what if he's gonna
pin this murder on me?
Or what if,
what if he's drugging me?
Look, Captain, the best thing you
can do right now is get some sleep.
Got an officer outside,
he'll stay here all night.
Put your alarm on
and keep your phone with you.
Okay.
If he's blacking out,
anything could happen.
Do we really think this Jack guy
is following him, drugging him?
I don't know,
something doesn't sound right.
Is it possible this thing
is controlling him somehow?
What if it's in him?
Hey, fellas,
what am I looking for?
Anybody shows up outside this
house, we wanna know about it.
Anyone comes out of the house,
we want to know about that, too.
Somebody after
the Captain again?
Maybe.
We don't know yet.
Adalind.
Nick, what's up?
Adalind would know.
She would know what?
What's going on
with the Captain.
All right.
What the hell is going on?
You've been a bad boy, Sean.
And it's only gonna get worse.
Hello?
Bud, it's Nick,
we need to talk to Ada/ind.
What's wrong? She's asleep,
do you want me to wake her up?
No, let me do it.
Okay, how long will it
take you to get here?
There's somebody at the door!
What should I do?
Bud, it's us.
You almost gave
me a heart attack.
What's wrong, what's
happening, are we in trouble?
No, Bud, everything's good.
Where's Adalind?
Uh, first bedroom
on the right, down the hall.
Man, I'm out of breath.
Are you getting enough sleep?
Sleep?
Yeah, yeah, sure, no problem.
No, not really.
I don't know how you guys do it,
living with all this
tension all the time.
For one thing,
we don't use bats.
What happened with Juliette?
She drank it, didn't she?
It worked.
I saved her, and now you're
here to get rid of me.
Adalind, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Why not?
If she's better, then...
It didn't work.
What?
It had to, it worked on me,
I can't do anything anymore.
She didn't drink it.
Well, no wonder it didn't work.
You gotta get her to drink it.
She destroyed it.
Why?
Isn't this what she wanted?
Not anymore.
I don't understand.
She likes what she is.
She likes the power.
She's not going to give it up.
Oh...
So that's what you
wanted to tell me.
That and there's
another problem.
There's something
wrong with Renard.
He keeps dreaming
about being shot
and when he wakes up
his scars are bleeding.
As if the bullets
had just gone into him?
Yes.
Is he having blackouts?
Yeah. He's waking
up in strange places.
He can't remember
how he got there.
Did he die?
What do you mean?
When he was shot, at the hospital,
was he ever pronounced dead?
I don't know. I know they
didn't expect him to survive.
Was anybody there with him?
Well, his mother.
Then he did die,
and she brought him back.
That must have been
what opened the portal.
What are you talking about?
When he died, Sean was
dead just long enough
for something to hitch a ride.
And when his
mother brought him back,
Sean brought that
something back with him.
That's why he's bleeding.
It's taking control.
Does he know?
He knows there's
something wrong,
but he can't remember anything.
That's good, because when
he does, it'll be too late.
Too late for what?
Whatever he brought back with
him will have taken over.
Spirit possession,
that's how that happens.
So how do we get it out of him?
You can't. Unless you
open the portal again.
How do we do that?
You have to kill him.
If we kill him,
he's kinda dead, isn't he?
We were thinking maybe
there's a way to do this.
Like the Dead Faint,
the same one we used on Monroe when
they hired Angelina to kill him.
The only way to
prove she had done it
was to show them his dead body.
The tetrodotoxin,
it slows down bodily functions,
but it's very dangerous.
I'll say. it almost killed me.
Well, if we don't figure out
a way to get rid of it,
we will end up killing him.
Are you sure he's
involved in all this?
'Cause I'd like to be real sure
before we do it.
We haven't been able to tie
him to the crime scenes yet.
We're going back to re-check
surveillance footage,
see if there's
something that we missed.
Burkhardt.
Okay, good. Stay with him.
We're on our way.
That was Officer Franco.
Captain's on his way in.
We'll start working on it.
There's nothing in this one.
Maybe we missed it.
Maybe we're wrong.
Maybe we're just too damn tired.
What do we got left?
Bank footage on Alder,
I'm looking at it now.
There's more footage from West Burnside.
I'll pull it up.
All these cars are starting
to look the same to me.
Wait. I got something.
Is that the Captain's?
It's him.
It puts him in the area within
one hour of the first killing.
He's here.
I need to see you both, now.
Hold on.
Before we go in there,
if he's dealing with what
we think he's dealing with,
who the hell are we
gonna be talking to?
Or what?
Okay, that didn't help at all.
There's something
very wrong with me.
I'm starting to
think I'm losing my mind.
What happened?
Last night, I thought
I was bleeding again.
I saw it,
I felt it, it was real.
And I remember falling.
Then I woke up, and I was in
bed, as though nothing happened.
And there was a voice,
I heard this voice.
I don't know.
You blacked out again?
I guess I did.
Do you remember driving around
11:30 three nights ago?
What? Why?
We have some surveillance that
puts your car on Northwest Couch,
and Second, about that time.
It wasn't me.
I was at home, asleep.
Well, your car was
a couple blocks away
from where the first victim's
body was found the same night.
Within an hour of the
estimated time of death.
No. No, no, no, no.
No, I would remember
something like that.
During a blackout?
I would remember something!
We talked to Adalind.
She said that when you died,
a portal opened up,
and when your mother did whatever
she did to bring you back,
you didn't come alone.
Are you saying
that I'm possessed?
You're blacking out, waking up
in places you don't remember,
bleeding from
where you were shot.
You know you went
to see Henrietta,
but you have no
idea when you left.
Are you suggesting
that I killed those women?
We're suggesting
you may no longer
be in control of
what you're doing.
And if that's true, what
should I do, lock myself up?
Monroe and Rosalee
are working on something.
But until we figure it out, it may be
a good idea for you to stay at home.
Under surveillance.
No, no, no, no, no!
I want to know what the
hell is happening to me!
You need to give us
your gun, Captain.
All right.
Okay.
But you have to know, whatever
happened, it wasn't me.
I want someone watching me
who understands.
You think there's some kind of
Jack the Ripper spirit inside him?
Pretty sure.
Except we can't arrest him
without having to explain it.
Yeah, don't do that.
So, basically,
he's under house arrest.
Unofficially.
And he's okay with that?
For now.
What about this
other guy inside him?
Is he okay with that?
Just don't let either
of them go anywhere.
Anything happens, call us.
We'll be leaving in
a couple of hours.
Well, this should
be a jolly good romp.
To be honest, sir, I didn't
really think she'd go this far.
I'm not certain there's a
limit to what she'll do.
Sorry to put you through this.
Don't worry about it, Captain.
Nick,
Captain's inside his house.
Thanks, Wu.
As soon as we're done here,
we're coming over.
Captain's in. So far, so good.
Okay.
The Dead Faint is done.
I think it'll work, but Sean
can't know what he's taking.
We have to assume whatever
Sean knows, Jack knows.
Right.
I mean, the dilemma here is,
if that thing inside him knows
he's not really dying,
then he's probably
not gonna cross back over.
I think they both have to
believe they're dying.
What if the Captain thought
he was taking something
that would help him remember what
he was doing during the blackouts?
Some kind of memory reboot.
There's something called Gedachtnishilfe,
which sort of does that.
Well, so we tell him
that's what we're giving him.
It's pretty tame stuff, it wouldn't
kill him. And he might know that.
I think we have to do something
that makes it look
like he's really dying.
We have to convince Jack that this is
the end, and it's time to move out.
Hit the road, Jack.
Falling asleep might not
be enough to do that.
We're gonna have
to put on a show.
We may just have to shoot him.
No, it's not right.
I would have
remembered something!
The place. If it was cold,
if it was raining.
Her screams. You never
forget something like that.
Oh, God, no. No.
No, no, no! No!
No. Stop. Stop.
Stop! Stop!
He's inside!
Inside where?
Inside here.
Now, what say you and I
have a bloody good time.
Got something.
Is that Kelly Burkhardt?
I can't tell.
What's going on?
Juliette.
Who's this?
This is my mom.
Your mom. Kelly?
What?
Someone's on the front porch.
Is it her?
Don't know yet.
There's no child.
Want us to make a move?
We have to be sure.
It's not her.
Who is it?
Just some kid.
You're probably asking yourself,
how on Earth did this
bloke learn to drive?
No, Captain.
You gotta stop this.
He'd love to stop it, but I
have other plans for him.
Please. Please, listen to me!
God, it's good to be alive!
Please, please listen to me.
Listen to me.
Best hold on, mate.
Where the hell is Wu?
Gun. Wu's gun.
I don't think it's been fired.
I need a track.
Patrol car 421.
As I set out from
London town Upon a foggy day
I came across a fair young
maid And stole her heart away!
But not the way you think it
done I did not use me charm
Instead, I used a blade so sharp
Bloody hell.
She could not raise alarm!
All together now!
As I set out from London town...
Where the hell are they?
Nick.
Let's go.
I hope you don't fancy
the blonde because I do.
I tell you what. I'll bring a
piece of her back for you.
No, no, no.
Please, Captain, don't.
This is not you.
There's something inside you...
Hey!
Come on, we're here to
have fun, don't ruin it.
I'd hate to have to
cut out your tongue.
Because I wouldn't do
it through your mouth.
I might get bit, after all.
Now, watch and learn.
No, no, no, no, no. Don't.
No. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Nice night?
For a lot of things.
Griffin.
We'll take it.
They got Wu's car.
No. No. No!
No!
Oh, God.
No! No!
Come on!
This is far enough.
You wanna play right here?
I do.
God.
So we need to talk about price.
Now, I'm sure
you're worth every penny.
Aren't you a pretty one.
Wu!
Where's the Captain?
He got another woman!
He's got another woman.
He's down the street!
This guy is crazy.
He's not the Captain, you
were right, he's possessed!
He's gonna kill her!
I love your hair.
Smells so good.
Kissing's extra, honey.
Now, now, darling,
there won't be any kissing.
What's going on?
I wasn't doing anything.
Get out of here.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Nick? How did I get here?
What happened?
You got it?
We're ready.
What are you giving me?
You said you can't
remember what happened.
This is gonna help you
I took it once and went to
sleep, woke up feeling fine.
Remembered everything.
What if I remember
killing those women?
We know it wasn't you.
But we have to know
what we're dealing with.
Okay.
This is just in case, sir.
Maybe it's best I do remember.
So what now?
We wait.
You might wanna lie down.
Kelly.
Juliette.
Is everything okay?
Thank God you're here.
Nick's not home, but I am,
and the front door's unlocked.
It's her, Kelly Burkhardt.
She's got the kid.
Juliette?
Let's take this outside.
Thank God.
Diana.
Hey.
We got her!
And we've got her.
I'm getting sleepy.
Is that supposed to happen?
I'm not remembering anything.
If you feel like you're going
to fall asleep, that's fine.
Just means it's working.
Yeah, I'm just so tired.
It's working.
Yeah.
Let me check his pulse.
His pulse is slowing down,
we'll only have a few seconds.
Getting slower, slower.
Almost.
No!
One step closer and
I'll snap her pretty neck.
Trying to kill me, is that it?
Nick, shoot him!
It's still the Captain.
Shoot him!
We've got to do it, Nick.
We've got to take him down!
We don't have a choice, Nick!
You shoot me, we both die.
Don't want that, now, do we?
YOU got 1:0 kill him, Nick!
It's the Captain!
Now! He's strangling her!
Tell me what you gave to him!
Ah!
Oh, my God, you okay?
- Let me see.
- I hope Jack bought it.
He may not be dead, but he's
not gonna be feeling too good
after that many rubber bullets.
How much longer
do we have to wait?
Not very.
Okay, just make sure he's dead.
I'm not getting a pulse.
Was that it?
Whoa. No! Wait.
What if Jack's not gone?
Then shoot him for real.
I hope this hurts.
He's not coming back.
He might need CPR.
Captain?
Yeah?
It's really you?
What happened?
Feel like I got hit by a truck.
What do you remember?
God!
I remember...
I remember coming here
and you gave me something.
Yeah, to help you remember.
I don't think it worked.
Oh, God, no.
I can't be bleeding again.
What did you do to me?
- I think we cured you.
- Jack's gone.
What now?
Hey!
I can't believe you got here.
Trubel?
Nick, there's a lot of
people at your house.
Something big is going on there,
I just killed a Hundjager.
We got to go. Now!
All in all, I'd say this has
been a rather good night.
Where's my mommy?
Nick.
Clear upstairs.
No!